# Zoo Escape for the Atari 2600

You are Sam, professional zookeeper and lover of animals. You manage a small, local zoo. On one seemingly normal, sunny day, you show up to work and find, to your horror, that all the animals have escaped! That blockhead assistant of yours, whom you left in charge last night, must have forgotten to lock the cages after feeding time! That's the danger of modern technology. All the cages are locked by a single, central switch. Nice and easy, but if someone forgets... Anyway, now you need to scramble! You need to find and calm all the animals, which are running everywhere in a panic. Fortunately, the animals know and trust you, and can be quieted with a simple word and touch. The faster the better, though, because the zoo opens soon!

### Game Play
Zoo Escape is an action puzzle game. Your goal is to find all the animals as quickly as possible. A timer in the lower-right corner records your time in seconds. The zoo consists of 15 areas, in a 3x5 grid. You begin your search at the zoo's entrance in the lower-left corner.  Each animal always follows the same route. The challenge is to try and figure out the quickest path to catch them all. Actually, there are 10 different "game boards." The current game board is shown in the lower-left. Use game select to iterate through them (0-9). The animals will follow a different route for each game. So there are actually 10 different challenges. Try to get the fastest time for each one! There are five animals in all, an elephant, a lion, a monkey, an alligator, and a zebra. Once touched, they will stop moving. Upon entering the same area as an animal, it sees you and responds with its unique sound.

### Tips from PIZA (the Professional International Zookeeper's Association)
It is easy to get lost in the zoo. Pay attention to the background colors. As you get further from the entrance to the more remote areas of the zoo, the terrain becomes more undeveloped, with less grass and more dirt. On some runs, just take time to learn the animals' movements and locations and try to develop a strategy for getting to all of them as quickly as possible. To quickly find animals, try running close to the area boundaries. That way, you can quickly go back and forth. You will see (and hear) animals whenever they are in the same area as you. Good luck and stay focused. The animals and the public are all counting on you!
